[Security Center] Hash search (#17598)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/radar/investigate/url-scanner.mdx

The [Get URL Scan](/api/operations/urlscanner-get-scan) API endpoint documentation contains the full response schema.

> To fetch the scan's [screenshots](/api/operations/urlscanner-get-scan-screenshot) or full [network log](/api/operations/urlscanner-get-scan-har), please visit the corresponding endpoints' documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch the scan's [screenshots](/api/operations/urlscanner-get-scan-screenshot) or full [network log](/api/operations/urlscanner-get-scan-har) refer to the corresponding endpoints' documentation.
```

Search results will also include your *own* `Unlisted` scans.

> If, instead, you wanted to search for scans which made at least one request to the hostname `cdnjs.cloudflare.com`, for example sites that use a JavaScript library hosted at `cdnjs.cloudflare.com`, use the query parameter `hostname=cdnjs.cloudflare.com`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, instead, you wanted to search for scans that made at least one request to the hostname `cdnjs.cloudflare.com`, for example sites that use a JavaScript library hosted at `cdnjs.cloudflare.com`, use the query parameter `hostname=cdnjs.cloudflare.com`:
```

```bash
curl "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/{account_id}/urlscanner/scan?hostname=cdnjs.cloudflare.com" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"
```

You can also search for the hash in the URL Scanner API.

> Go to `https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/urlscanner-search-scans` for the full list of available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Search URL scans](/api/operations/urlscanner-search-scans) in the API documentation for the full list of available options.
```
